Update related description in troubleshoot-tiflash (#3593)
pingcap/docs: tiflash/troubleshoot-tiflash.md

4. Check whether `pd buddy` can correctly print the logs (the log path is the value of `log` in the [flash.flash_cluster] configuration item; the default log path is under the `tmp` directory configured in the TiFlash configuration file).

5. Check whether the number of configured replicas is less than or equal to the number of TiKV nodes in the cluster. If not, PD cannot replicate data to TiFlash:

    {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

    ```shell
    echo 'config placement-rules show' | /path/to/pd-ctl -u http://<pd-ip>:<pd-port>
    ```

    Reconfirm the value of `default: count`.

    > **Note:**
    >

>     > After [placement rules](/configure-placement-rules.md) are enabled, the previously configured `max-replicas` and `location-labels` no longer take effect. To adjust the replica policy, use the interface related to placement rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > After the [placement rules](/configure-placement-rules.md) feature is enabled, the previously configured `max-replicas` and `location-labels` no longer take effect. To adjust the replica policy, use the interface related to placement rules.
```
